Yes, yes, you have to believe my son, right?
You grew up watching him
He doesn't take used gifts.
Give it to you as a gift.
Ouch grandma
Please understand what?
Long Jiutian just wants to slander me and make you hate me
Hey, it's because we don't let him into Ye's house.
Want revenge on us
Yes, grandma, please check it out
Ye Wangxin Longjing Tian
Is this thing your family or not?
I swear to God
This jade pendant is our stereotype.
Ye Suifeng casually used a heavy object as a gift
I just don't respect your family from the bottom of my heart
I said grandma dragon, you are really talking nonsense
There are two small characters at the bottom of my jade pendant, please add
It can be proved that this is what we have on the horizon
Can't there really be?
Damn it, I took it out of Ye Fanxin's room
Didn't you take a closer look?
The owner also asks you to check clearly
We definitely didn't mess up
Good idea.
You actually gave me someone else's stuff as a gift
My wife is just in your eyes
Are you so confused?